docs: document overriding default middleware by name (#4701)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/subagents.mdx

| `system_prompt` | `str` | Required. Instructions for the subagent. Custom subagents must define their own. Include tool usage guidance and output format requirements.<br></br>Does not inherit from main agent. |
| `tools` | `list[Callable]` | Optional. Tools the subagent can use. Keep this minimal and include only what's needed.<br></br>Inherits from main agent by default. When specified, overrides the inherited tools entirely. |
| `model` | `str` \| `BaseChatModel` | Optional. Overrides the main agent's model. Omit to use the main agent's model.<br></br>Inherits from main agent by default. You can pass either a model identifier string like `'openai:gpt-5.5'` (using the `'provider:model'` format) or a LangChain chat model object (`init_chat_model("gpt-5.5")` or `ChatOpenAI(model="gpt-5.5")`). |

> | `middleware` | `list[Middleware]` | Optional. Additional middleware for custom behavior, logging, or rate limiting.<br></br>Does not inherit from the main agent. Merged into the [default subagent stack](/oss/deepagents/customization#default-stack-synchronous-subagents): an instance whose `.name` matches a default replaces it in place, anything else lands after the last core middleware entry and before the profile/prompt-caching/memory tail, see [Override a default middleware instance](/oss/deepagents/customization#override-a-default-middleware-instance). For example, include a @[`FilesystemMiddleware`] instance with a `tools` allowlist here to restrict the subagent's filesystem tools independently of the main agent—see the "Restricting filesystem tools" section under [Virtual filesystem access](/oss/deepagents/overview#virtual-filesystem-access). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `middleware` | `list[Middleware]` | Optional. Additional middleware for custom behavior, logging, or rate limiting.<br></br>Does not inherit from the main agent. Merged into the [default subagent stack](/oss/deepagents/customization#default-stack-synchronous-subagents): an instance whose `.name` matches a default replaces it in place, anything else lands after the last core middleware entry and before profile, prompt-caching, and memory. See [Override a default middleware instance](/oss/deepagents/customization#override-a-default-middleware-instance). For example, include a @[`FilesystemMiddleware`] instance with a `tools` allowlist here to restrict the subagent's filesystem tools independently of the main agent. For more information, see the "Restricting filesystem tools" section under [Virtual filesystem access](/oss/deepagents/overview#virtual-filesystem-access). |
```
